what are you doing Natalie you wash
Lackey washing you for Baba okay oh hey
in the cake we can make another one oh I
would love to eat again hold on your
chocolate mention
oh pretty hungry I wish there was some
food
Oh
huh now they can I have some tea please
okay hey i just want tea just one cup of
tea please keep lagging okay well we'll
have a tea party they don't have it to
you buddy oh no I just want one cup of
tea well what happened Oh what colors do
you have pain yeah yeah I'll yellow
please
wow thank you very much whoa sure if you
throw that you might hit your kitchen
and everything will fall over edly thank
you for the tea is yummy